apps sc: Make fluentd liveness probe configurable (#599)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- calico-felix-metrics helm chart to enable calico targets discovery and scraping
  calico felix grafana dashboard to visualize the metrics
- Added JumpCloud as a IDP using dex.

> - Added options to set the liveness and readiness probe for fluentd forwarder.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
- Added options to configure liveness and readiness probe settings for fluentd forwarder.
```

Author: Fixed.
